feat(many): mark swrast as deprecated and replace everywhere (#75)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: howto/container/launch.md

## Launch a container with a different Anbox platform

> By default, every container starts with the `null` platform (see [Anbox platforms](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/anbox-platforms/18733)) and with the `webrtc` platform when `--enable-graphics` is specified. The selected platform cannot be changed at runtime and must be selected when the container is created. For example, you can launch a container with the `webrtc` platform like this:

Reviewer: @ru-fu this reads a bit weird: `by default, [...] if --enable-graphics is specified, otherwise [...]`
Shouldn't the `By default` be placed after ?

> By default, every container starts with the `null` platform (see [Anbox platforms](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/anbox-platforms/18733)) and with the `webrtc` platform when `--enable-graphics` is specified. The selected platform cannot be changed at runtime and must be selected when the container is created. For example, you can launch a container with the `webrtc` platform like this:

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's best to just leave out the "by default". Originally it was there to say "if the platform is not specified" - but now it depends on both `-p` and `--enable-graphics`.

```suggestion
Containers start with the `webrtc` platform if `--enable-graphics` is specified and with the `null` platform otherwise (see [Anbox platforms](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/anbox-platforms/18733)). To select a different platform, specify it with the `-p` flag. The selected platform cannot be changed at runtime and must be selected when the container is created. For example, you can launch a container with the `webrtc` platform like this:
```

> By default, every container starts with the `null` platform (see [Anbox platforms](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/anbox-platforms/18733)) and with the `webrtc` platform when `--enable-graphics` is specified. The selected platform cannot be changed at runtime and must be selected when the container is created. For example, you can launch a container with the `webrtc` platform like this:

Reviewer 2: Actually, what happens if you specify `--enable-graphics -p null`?

> By default, every container starts with the `null` platform (see [Anbox platforms](https://discourse.ubuntu.com/t/anbox-platforms/18733)) and with the `webrtc` platform when `--enable-graphics` is specified. The selected platform cannot be changed at runtime and must be selected when the container is created. For example, you can launch a container with the `webrtc` platform like this:

Reviewer: > Maybe it's best to just leave out the "by default"
Works fine for me

> Actually, what happens if you specify `--enable-graphics -p null`?

You can't launch the container with both options enabled, the command will return an error if you do

>     amc launch -p webrtc <application-id>

Reviewer: Wouldn't that create confusion ?
We essentially have two ways of settings the `webrtc` platform: `--enable-graphics` and `--platform=webrtc`.
Considering we only have two options (and the other option - `null` - is the default one), users don't really need the `--platform` flag. So would it make sense to push the concept of platform into a more "advanced" section ? We could only expose the `--enable-graphics` without introducing the complexity of platforms
